# CS305-Software-Security

Michael Garramone
CS 305 Software Security
Module 8 Journal
Portfolio Submission

	Artemis Financial is a financial firm looking to produce a more secure system for their financial services provided to their clients. Some of the services that Artemis provides are financial plans including savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. Artemis Financial wants to modernize their operations. As a crucial part of the success of their custom software, they also want to use the most current and effective software security. Artemis is looking to have secure encrypted information that is being transferred between their advisors and clients. During this semester, I enjoyed running the dependency checks and creating the certificate through the keystore on the command prompt. While running the dependency checks, I had to make sure that the pom.xml file was up to date with the correct version that was found using resources provided. Making sure that the code was written securely provides less of a chance for an outside attacker to abuse the weakness of the code and hack their way into the system. Strong software security gives companies like Artemis more credibility with their clients and future clients, showing that they are more secure than their competitors. 
	Through the work that I produced during this semester, the challenges that I ran into were getting the dependency checks to properly run at first, and understanding which areas of the dependency check were false positives. After I got the first dependency check to run the proper way it became easier for me to run them again as the course progressed. To add layers of security, I created an SSL certificate through the command prompt and added that Keystore to my project file. By doing so the project went from HTTP to HTTPS, creating a more secure web. After refactoring the code and making sure that it was secure, I ran the code multiple times checking the dependency check list, and if there were any errors in the code that needed to be addressed. For the future, I would utilize the tools provided in eclipse for web browsers to make sure that the code created output a secure web browser, and I would better utilize OWASP secure coding practices more effectively. For future employers, I would showcase Vulnerability Assessment Report and my ability to create secure keys for the key store and Certification Generation. 
